MAIN QUESTIONS:
NEW: How to sync from GitHub to Heroku? Heroku tutorial?
In class u mentioned about syncing the remote repository. Do we have to use a third party service like CS?
To sync code, should we use code shift?

Database organization and design - should we dump down our data or split it up in multiple collections? Why do we need to split?
For extra information, do we save it to the same collection?
How to do Primary and Foreign Key
depends on how many ppl
extra info - if its nosql then dont separate


What free hosting service to use to deploy react and react native for continuous development
heroku
react native needs liscence

why do we need staging? Give an example. staging for review, if u test locally, it mght fail, can connect stage


How to build an app for both react and react native?
1. Web app Responsive this
2. Web App and separate layout for mobile
3. Web and native this - must do manual

When do we use redux or MobX, as stated in Shoutem? Mobx is experimental so just redux

Any official RN tutorials? Wess boss Coding train - ai tho Tyler mcginnis
react router guy

Should I use shoutem UI toolkits? no


Questions:
What hosting service or company to use to host the website and code? Host code where - Free plz? How to deploy changes?
How to add to a link instead of replacing it
How to convert this into a React Native app
How to make this compatible with mobile browser and desktop browser
How to make Responsive (bootstrap or nah)
When we gon learn how to submit to a database

Current To Do:
Minh:
Mako backo butts ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Help with floating keyboard

Chi Tu:
Floating keyboard
Link to specific times in video

Improve:
All lesson links currently link to Lesson 1
Floating keyboard VietKey would have to render a component for every special character :O


ToDo for 7/26:
Minh: Back Buttons

Chi Tu: Submit Forms, form required

Next To Do:
Back buttons (to previous heading and to previous previous heading)

Style text boxes
Student cannot change after submitting
Make teacher version for grading
Automatic grading
Admin interface
Database - school, class student, book, question IDs
Load lessons as HTML fragments

Video:

Vocab:
Pronunciation clip for vocab

Blanks:
Word bank suggestions: show/hide, character hints
Drag to fill blanks
Customizable blanks (teacher creation) - markers
Write algorithms to render exercises - use word to test

Sentences:

Essay:

Differences between input field and textarea
- input field has a value property; textarea don't
- textarea is like a <p></p> tag; input field ain't

How to Program a Self-Driving Car
if (aboutToHitStuff) {
    dont();
};